I had a stable job at a local resort,
but I later lost this job.
I tried to look for work,
but I was unsuccessful.
My savings ran out.
We had run out of money
to buy gas for cooking.
It felt like my world had ended.
I did some research in the publications.
I found that I was able to follow the example
of some brothers who had found
that they were able to start businesses
using the skills and abilities that they had.
I was able to use a fishing net that I owned,
go down to the sea (to the river),
and put the net out in the evening.
Early in the morning,
I would go down
and be able to find fish
and crabs in the net.
It was not easy.
I did not always get
a good catch, but by doing this,
eventually I was able
to support my family during that time.
We had to cook outside on a fire.
I thought about how I could help
my family to stay positive.
We would sit together, and we
would sing Kingdom songs
and play games together.
And I feel that Jehovah
blessed the efforts that I made.
Hebrews 13:5
—that scripture reassured me
that as long as I didn’t compromise
the important aspects of Jehovah’s worship,
my family’s needs would be cared for.
I’ve always admired the beauty
and power of the sea.
It reminds me of the One
who created the sea.
It’s not hard for him to care
for just one small human like me.